# fig_2b
The directory `fig_2b` contains codes to reproduce Figure 2b-d, which demonstrates the concordance between numerical and analytical integral solutions for a parameter estimation problem, as well as compares the performance of the two approaches. The following files are provided: 

`gillesie_data_generator.m`: MATLAB code to generate synthetic target joint distribution data by running the stochastic simulation algorithm (SSA) implementation in `gg_200110_gillespie_geom_1.m`.

`/data/`: Directory that holds synthetic target data generated using the SSA.

`landscape_computer.m`: Code to evaluate the analytical and numerical integral solutions values over a grid of potential parameter choices, for a particular set of Taylor and Laurent approximation orders. Outputs timing of each method, as well as Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance, Earth Mover's distance, and Kullback-Leibler divergence between the methods as well as relative to the target data.

`landscape_driver.m`: Runs `landscape_computer.m` for a set of Taylor and Laurent approximation orders.

`/landscape/`: Directory that holds datafiles with solutions generated by `landscape_computer.m`. 

`landscape_visualizer.m`: Visualizes the KS and KL divergence landscapes for a precomputed datafile generated by `landscape_computer.m`. Reproduces figure 2d.

`landscape_visualizer.pdf`: Published MATLAB output of the landscape visualization code.

`benchmark_visualizer.m`: Visualizes the runtime for all function evaluations used in `landscape_driver.m`, as a function of Taylor and Laurent approximation order. Visualizes the K-S distance (approximation error) between numerical and analytical PMF approximations. Reproduces Figure 2c and 2d.

`benchmark_visualizer.pdf`: Published MATLAB output of the runtime and error visualization code.


All others: As described in `fig_2a` directory. The implementation of `gg_200325_analyt_geom_tdep_vec_31.m` is identical to the implementation of `gg_200130_analyt_geom_tdep_vec_26.m`, save for the meaning of the argument `marg`, which is Boolean in the latter and a string in the former. 
